README.md, before:

# [alwaysdata] Autodeploy Git Hook

A simple bash script to deploy on production using Git hooks.

This script simply checkout the last version of a given branch (e.g a _production_ branch) to a working directory. It updates your files and ensure your website / service is properly updated.


## Install

To get it working, create a _bare_ repository on your remote server and place the `post-receive` hook script in its hooks directory:

```shell
$ git init --bare ~/project.git
$ curl -L -o ~/project.git/hooks/post-receive https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alwaysdata/autodeploy-git-hook/master/post-receive
$ chmod +x project.git/hooks/post-receive
```


## Configure

The script embed some variables you need to define to get it working properly. They are declared at the top of the `post-receive` file, feel free to adapt them to your needs:

- `TARGET`: the directory where the files need to be deployed
- `GIT_DIR`: the current git bare repository path
- `BRANCH`: the branch to deploy (default to `production`)

In case you want to restart your app after deploy, you need to fill:

- `RESTART`: a boolean to enable restart (default to `false`)
- `API_KEY`: your api key you can find in your _profile_ section
- `ACCOUNT`: the account name your site is associated to
- `SITE_ID`: the reference ID of your site you can find in your _sites_ section


## Use

In your local repository, simply define a new remote, then push your _production_ (or the branch you set in config) to this remote:

```shell
$ cd project
$ git remote add deploy <account>@ssh-<account>.alwaysdata.net:~/project.git
$ git checkout production
$ git push deploy production
```

The script logs actions in your git terminal, so the Git `push` action will show you that your deploy is OK or not.


## Contribute

Feel free to contribute to the project by opening pull-requests, or fill issues that will let us improve it. Thanks :beers: !


## LICENSE

Release under [MIT LICENSE].


For more information, you can take a look at our blog post about [how to deploy using Git Hooks].

[alwaysdata]: https://www.alwaysdata.com
[how to deploy using git hooks]: https://blog.alwaysdata.com/
[mit license]: ./LICENSE

Commit message:

Update script hook to restart properly
It seems that we need the password to make the POST request
that will make the website restart via the API.
Also, if the password contains special characters like '$',
it is better to base64 encode it in the curl HTTP request

README.md, after:

# [alwaysdata] Autodeploy Git Hook

A simple bash script to deploy on production using Git hooks.

This script simply checkout the last version of a given branch (e.g a _production_ branch) to a working directory. It updates your files and ensure your website / service is properly updated.


## Install

To get it working, create a _bare_ repository on your remote server and place the `post-receive` hook script in its hooks directory:

```shell
$ git init --bare ~/project.git
$ curl -L -o ~/project.git/hooks/post-receive https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alwaysdata/autodeploy-git-hook/master/post-receive
$ chmod +x project.git/hooks/post-receive
```


## Configure

The script embed some variables you need to define to get it working properly. They are declared at the top of the `post-receive` file, feel free to adapt them to your needs:

- `TARGET`: the directory where the files need to be deployed
- `GIT_DIR`: the current git bare repository path
- `BRANCH`: the branch to deploy (default to `production`)

In case you want to restart your app after deploy, you need to fill:

- `RESTART`: a boolean to enable restart (default to `false`)
- `API_KEY`: your api key you can find in your _profile_ section
- `ACCOUNT`: the account name your site is associated to
- `PASSWORD`: the account password your site is associated to
- `SITE_ID`: the reference ID of your site you can find in your _sites_ section


## Use

In your local repository, simply define a new remote, then push your _production_ (or the branch you set in config) to this remote:

```shell
$ cd project
$ git remote add deploy <account>@ssh-<account>.alwaysdata.net:~/project.git
$ git checkout production
$ git push deploy production
```

The script logs actions in your git terminal, so the Git `push` action will show you that your deploy is OK or not.


## Contribute

Feel free to contribute to the project by opening pull-requests, or fill issues that will let us improve it. Thanks :beers: !


## LICENSE

Release under [MIT LICENSE].


For more information, you can take a look at our blog post about [how to deploy using Git Hooks].

[alwaysdata]: https://www.alwaysdata.com
[how to deploy using git hooks]: https://blog.alwaysdata.com/
[mit license]: ./LICENSE
